# debtakeover manual page - debtakeover(1)
#
# Copyright © 2004-2022 Guillem Jover <guillem@debian.org>
#
# This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
# the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
# (at your option) any later version.
#
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
# GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
# along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

debtakeover - replace in runtime a system to Debian

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<debtakeover> [I<option>...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<debtakeover> utility is used to replace the current running system to
Debian. Its main purpose is to be used on a colocated server, where you do not
have physical access to the host.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--profile=>I<string>

Installation profile (default "I<colo>"). Set it to "I<none>" to disable.

=item B<--suite=>I<string>

Debian suite (default "I<bullseye>"). Right now the only supported suite is
I<bullseye>, if you use any other suite it may break.

=item B<--mirror=>I<url>

Debian mirror (default "I<https://deb.debian.org/>").

=item B<--tarball=>I<file>

Debian base tarball to use instead of generating one with L<debootstrap(8)>.
It supports compressed tarballs with gzip, bzip2 and compress.

=item B<--debootstrap=>I<path>

A B<debootstrap> compatible binary (default "I<debootstrap>").
Other alternatives that may not work are B<cdebootstrap> and B<crosshurd>.

=item B<--debootstrap-args=>I<string>

Extra arguments for B<debootstrap>.

=item B<--force-purify>

Force the purification (non-interactive). Do not ask for confirmation.

=item B<--force-retakeover>

Force taking over a Debian system. Useful when converting derived Debian
distros or to reinstall a system from scratch.

=item B<--verbose>

Be more verbose.
This only affects the output to the terminal, the logs retain
all important information.

=item B<--version>

Print program version.

=item B<--help>

Print this help.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<debootstrap(1)>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Guillem Jover <guillem@debian.org>.
